Add Table props for when bottom is reached and when row is in view (#44)
iTwin/iTwinUI-react: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## 1.3.0

Reviewer: Surround with [].

or i guess we could do that in release. upto you

Author: I will leave it for release 😀

`2021-05-XX`

### What's new

> - **Added bottom reached and row intersection callbacks to the `Table`.**

Reviewer: Could reword and explicitly mention lazy loading.

```suggestion
- **Added lazy loading to `Table`** with new `onBottomReached` and `onRowIntersection` props.
```

Author: Changed.
